------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# COMP221 Final_Project
Group Members: Devinn Chi, Brayden Coronado, Ben Bridenbaugh, Malek Kaloti
Team Name: "The Best Team Ever"
Project Name: Pathfinding Between Dots
Language Used: Java


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Project Desc
Brief Project Description:

- Our project was initially meant to be much more ambitious, however, we ended up having a few idea conflictions and time conflictions. We were able to create a graphical user interface (GUI) that allowed a user to click on a canvas to create points (any number of points between 8 and 15), and then generate a path between the starting point and ending point using Kruskal's or Nearest Neighbor's algorithms. The GUI also allows the user to see the time it would take to traverse each path (at a constant rate of 5 PPS (pixels per second)). As a final touch, we added an emoji that is able to traverse each of the paths.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Steps to Run our Project
Project Running Steps:

1. Run main. Main first creates a canvas and then calls the "runner()" method which handles the GUI.

2. Upon opening the canvas, there is a message on the screen which tells the user to click on the canvas to add points (any number of points between 8 and 15). The user can add points to the canvas by clicking on it.

3. Once the user is finished adding points, they can click on the start button (the start button is then replaced by the restart button which restarts the program on the same canvas). The start button adds a "start" and "end" label to the first and last points which were added by the user. This also adds the Display path (Kruskal) and Display path (Nearest Neighbors) buttons. 

4. Once the start button has been clicked, no more points can be added to the canvas. The user has three options, they can view the path generated by Kruskal's algorithm (as well as an emoji which follows that path and a label that shows the time it would take to traverse the path at 5 PPS) by pressing the "Display path: modified Kruskal's" button, you can view the path generated by Nearest Neighbor's algorithm by pressing the "Display path: Nearest Neighbors" button, or you can press the restart button and start from fresh.

5. Enjoy the program, play around with different points, longer and shorter paths, etc...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Libraries for our Project
Libraries that Need to be Included:

- import edu.macalester.graphics.CanvasWindow;
- import edu.macalester.graphics.GraphicsText;
- import edu.macalester.graphics.Line;
- import edu.macalester.graphics.Point;
- import edu.macalester.graphics.ui.Button;
- import edu.macalester.graphics.GraphicsGroup;
- import edu.macalester.graphics.Ellipse;
- import java.awt.geom.Point2D;
- import java.util.Objects;
- import java.util.ArrayList;
- import java.util.Arrays;
- import java.util.List;
- import java.awt.Color;
- import java.util.*;

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------